README.md, before:

# Inline SVG Web Component

A lightweight, customizable web component for dynamically inlining SVG files into your web applications. This component allows you to embed SVGs with customizable attributes and replaceable patterns, making it perfect for dynamic icons and illustrations.

## Features

- 🎨 Dynamically load SVG files
- ✨ Customize SVG attributes (fill, width, height, etc.)
- 🔄 Pattern replacement support
- 🎯 Shadow DOM encapsulation
- 📦 No dependencies
- 🚀 TypeScript support

## Installation

```bash
npm install inline-svg
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```html
<inline-svg 
  src="/path/to/your.svg"
  width="200"
  height="150"
  fill="#f44336"
></inline-svg>
```

### Pattern Replacement

You can replace specific patterns in your SVG with custom values:

```html
<inline-svg src="/path/to/your.svg">
  <inline-svg-replace pattern="COLOR_PLACEHOLDER" value="blue"></inline-svg-replace>
</inline-svg>
```

## API

### Attributes

- `src` (required): Path to the SVG file
- Any standard SVG attribute (optional): Will be transferred to the loaded SVG
  - `width`
  - `height`
  - `fill`
  - `stroke`
  - etc.

### Child Elements

#### `<inline-svg-replace>`

Use this element to define pattern replacements within the SVG:

- `pattern`: The pattern to search for in the SVG
- `value`: The value to replace the pattern with

## Development

### Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run tests
npm test
```

### Building

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be available in the `dist` directory.

## License

Apache-2.0 - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Author

Guy Walker

Commit message:

Added vitest browser mode, node support, and light dom support

README.md, after:

# Inline SVG Web Component

A lightweight, customizable web component for dynamically inlining SVG files into your web applications. This component allows you to embed SVGs with customizable attributes and replaceable patterns, making it perfect for dynamic icons and illustrations.

## Features

- 🎨 Dynamically load SVG files
- ✨ Customize SVG attributes (fill, width, height, etc.)
- 🔄 Pattern replacement support
- 🎯 Shadow DOM encapsulation
- 📦 No dependencies
- 🚀 TypeScript support

## Installation

```bash
npm install inline-svg
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```html
<inline-svg 
  src="/path/to/your.svg"
  width="200"
  height="150"
  fill="#f44336"
></inline-svg>
```

### Pattern Replacement

You can replace specific patterns in your SVG with custom values:

```html
<inline-svg src="/path/to/your.svg">
  <inline-svg-replace pattern="COLOR_PLACEHOLDER" value="blue"></inline-svg-replace>
</inline-svg>
```

## API

### Attributes

- `src` (required): Path to the SVG file
- `shadow` (optional): Enable shadow DOM encapsulation (default: `true`)
- Any standard SVG attribute (optional): Will be transferred to the loaded SVG
  - `width`
  - `height`
  - `fill`
  - `stroke`
  - etc.

### Child Elements

#### `<inline-svg-replace>`

Use this element to define pattern replacements within the SVG:

- `pattern`: The pattern to search for in the SVG
- `value`: The value to replace the pattern with

## Server-Side Rendering (SSR)
The inline-svg component is designed to work in the browser for lazy loading SVGs and therefore does not require any server-side rendering. However, if you are using a server-side rendering framework already, a conditional empty node export has been created to prevent any errors in your SSR process.

## Development

### Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run tests
npm test
```

### Building

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be available in the `dist` directory.

## License

Apache-2.0 - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Author

Guy Walker
